The fucking AfD
is on average in the eastern German states
at 32 percent
in polls at fucking 32 percent.
So now it is being lively debated in politics.
Oh what can you do about it?
Yes,
I'll tell you one thing
that no one wants to discuss,
because it is an uncomfortable truth,
but that you can't get past.
Who wants to understand,
why the AfD is moving like this in the east in particular,
must deal with it simply and simply,
that the east is economically dependent.
Yes,
pensions,
wages,
Inheritances,
property
all this is a lot in the east,
much much lower than in the West until today.
To the east you have flourishing landscapes
promised in German unification.
What they have received is industrialization,
Massenarbeitslosigkeit
and dependent localities without local supply.
What is reality?
And when you think it's all about peanuts,
yes times a number,
the average annual salary
when someone works full time
is 13,000 euros higher in the west than in the east
ne 13,000 euros.
Just who wants to make the AfD Klein,
he must deal with industrial policy labor policy
and economic policy in the East,
otherwise it's all hollow chatter.